1.2 seconds

An attack speed of 8 is only available to members, and particularly only reached by using rapid style to the already fastest weapons. It is popular to use low class darts and throwing knives to fend off weak nuisance enemies and is also used by some players to deactivate an Elite black knight's prayer.

 Darts & Throwing knives

1.8 seconds

The fastest of any regular weapon type, a speed value of 7 is reserved for only the fastest Ranged weapons. Popular for training. Note that shortbows and slings (including Kayle's sling) with rapid attacking style have attack speed of 7, making them the fastest weapons in F2P.

Shortbows, Sling, Kayle's Sling, Hunter's crossbow, Karil's crossbow, Toktz-Xil-Ul

2.4 seconds

A notch down from the rapid-fire Ranged weapons are the quickest melee weapons, the faster staves, a variety of obsidian weapons, and the shortbows, along with a few crossbows. Many melee users prefer these weapons to whittle down an enemy's health before using a more powerful (and much slower) "finishing weapon".

Daggers, shortswords, scimitars, Shortbows, Sling, Kayle's Sling, Hunter's crossbow, Karil's crossbow, Toktz-Xil-Ul, claws, Zamorakian Spear, Saradomin Sword, Toktz-Xil-Ak, Toktz-Xil-Ek, Abyssal whip, Sling, God staves, Slayer staff[1], Ancient staff, Gravite and Chaotic rapier, Storm of Armadyl when using an Armadyl battlestaff[2]	
Salamanders, Throwing axes, Ogre composite bow, Crystal bow, Seercull

3.0 seconds

This category contains weapons that sacrifice a small amount of speed for more damage, which is preferred by some players and disliked by others. The barrows melee weapons are sometimes used by advanced players. The Dragon longsword and Crystal bow are also common among players.

	Longswords, maces, hatchets, spears, pickaxes, TzHaar-Ket-Em, Torag's hammers, Guthan's warspear, Verac's flail, all Magic spells, normal and elemental staves[1], normal, elemental, and mystic battlestaves[1], Iban's staff[1], Staff of light[1], , Maple longbow (sighted), Gravite and Chaotic longsword	

Longbows, Maple longbow (sighted), Magic longbow (sighted),God bows, Javelins, Dorgeshuun crossbow, Metal crossbows, Zaryte bow, Hand cannon, Sagaie, Bolas

3.6 seconds

These are often the more powerful weapons of choice, medium speed good for final blows or training on creatures that have large amounts of health or defence, but do not deal high amounts of damage. This category also contains many commonly used ranged weapons.

Battleaxes, warhammers, the Godsword, Barrelchest anchor, Ahrim's staff, Toktz-Mej-Tal, mauls within Daemonheim, Gravite 2h sword and chaotic maul (Dungeoneering rewards), Longbows, God bows, Javelins, Dorgeshuun crossbow, Metal crossbows, Zaryte bow, Hand cannon, Phoenix Crossbow, Crossbow, Sagaie, Bolas, Auspicious katana	


4.2 seconds

A speed value of 3 seems to be reserved for two-handed melee weapons, which make their first appearance excluding the Godsword and spears. The Dharok's greataxe, the obsidian maul, the dragon two-handed sword, and the dragon halberd are all notables which remain popular among those who like strength over attack speed.

Two-handed swords, halberds, Granite maul, Balmung, TzHaar-Ket-Om, Ivandis flail and Dharok's greataxe	

4.8 seconds dark bow